A todo list app with an event sourced CQRS back-end.

Make and edit a todo list. Mark items as completed. Real-time updates across devices.

Separate read and write models. Write model takes commands, validates them, and publishes events that represent state changes.
Events are persisted as an event stream. Current state is derived by applying the event stream. Read model (for web app)
is denormalized such that a given page load requires only a single record from the DB.

Microsoft Patterns and Practices CQRS Journey https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj554200.aspx
Think about possibilities:
David Nolen on persistent immutable data structures https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-bC20aAat8
Typescript
Aurelia for client-side JS framework http://aurelia.io/
EventStore for event store https://geteventstore.com/

Phases:
1. Single global todo list
2. Add multiple users. Each user with one list
3. Maybe multiple lists per user.

Consider implementing CRUD style app for contrast.

Commands that return values or not? Try it with no returns. See what happens.

Model entities and Aggregates. Aggregates are composed of entities, so model entities first and then decide which should
be modeled as aggregates. (or what aggregate boundaries should be)

UX: Make the completed items appears as an immutable list. i.e. a log of the order and time at which things were completed.
Maybe the completed list will be above the in-progress items. When you open the todo list you will be advanced to the in-progress items but
it will be clear that you can scroll up to the completed items. When you mark an item completed it will animate to the bottom of the completed items list.

Looks like there's a bug in the form TagHelper. I get the same behavior from @Html.BeginForm so prolly not a bug but just
a MVC design that's incompatible with the way I'm using forms. When using a taghelper form in a partial view and rendering it multiple times
on a parent partial view (passing in different models, say from a list of models inside the parent view's model)
the forms' inputs will populate correctly on initial page load. In my case, I'm Ajax submitting the individual forms
but returning the parent partial view and replacing the whole list of forms. The response I get from the form submission
(the partial view of the list of forms) has each form's form taghelper's input's populated with the properties of whatever
form was last submitted, not the model properties that were passed to the form partial.
Using e.g @Model.[property] anywhere in the form partial gets the correct prop but the taghelpers don't.